it's the best ablations her cheese
cursor cake will be - a dance acting
anything creative to do with this
industry just says Ron love no more
Ebola King his parents have been in this
industry for the last 20 years to
decades so it's nice to give something
back to the industry and I think they
could be a better way than to be here
and launch this great Academy for the
students now for them to come and learn
see I think because I have actually gone
through an academy myself as menacing
ever go I think the most important thing
to of the artistic sector as a student
is confidence especially jang huije
a gloves conveniently minima and Jessica
and to face the students different
different students from Kisame acting
Canada and you you learn a lot more with
the watching other students act as well
so I so it's great days I mean I miss my
student base in the region of Mexico but
it was good
many hair busy LoCascio bodily so again
then I have a lady supernat so
I think you're blessed with great actors
in my industry supply liquor up there
and it's always nice to start young
because you got all that
practice and everything but I mean yeah
telling